Today we will start with langgraph journey,
till now we have developed lot of application with the help of langchain but now we are heading ahead with langgraph.
this helps use to develop multi-ai-agent system.


how langchain work?
user gives question and out llm does the work and returns a response.
we made it further advance with tools the llm uses the tools and then generate the response. this is calle the agent

now lets think of we want a complex system lets suppose we have a e-commerce support agent.
we ask him to track order with order id given in prompt , same we asked for refund for specific order with id given, maybe user asked the agent hows you?
so for this kinds work is this old work flow is suitable to work with?
answer is no, because llm dont have permission to perform multiple tasks.

now the user question. ---> requirement ---> 1)track order 2)refund 3)others
the requirement will decide what task must be performed.

if we see the structure we see it follow graph like structure, this can be done with langgraph.
langchain is chaining the task one after another, while langgraph means that connecting language models in graph not chain.
working process is not linear it can be non-linear.


Node- node is our pythons functions(def)

now or requirement node has the permission based on the task where he need to jump on, this type of notes are called conditional nodes.
connection between notes is called edges(arrows)

lets suppose incase of track order, it will be then check for valid order-id or not.
if not-valid then it will return Give me correct order_id.
if the order_id is correct then another node is follow fetch the order details,-->> show order_details to user(another node)
then end.

same follows the refund case, now if validated not we have node to check refund_policy
this check weather refund is allowed or not.
likewise based on that it will give response to the user.

likely based on this our system will work based on node by node.


this has single-agent, multi-agent ,supevisor-agent.


before all this we have a important thing called state,
with what ever is happining in the system we have as state which keep the track what is happining in the system.
to maintain the state we use pydantic library.

