as we dicussed before there are N numbers of LLM models.
so how can we integrate these LLM models in out projects.
this can be done with API's keys, also we have specific libraries for all these companies and their models like suppose OpenAI


openAI:
step 1: get API_key
step 2: put that api key in a safe space locally, (.env)
step 3: install open-AI SDK
step 4: import OpenAI library
step 5: make a client
step 6: with client call create method. create method contains Model="GPT-5", and Input="what is todays weather?" and store it in a variable.
step 7: Print that variable(response.output_text)

gemini:
step 1: get API_key
step 2: put that api key in a safe space locally, (.env naming: GEMINI_API_KEY="") 
step 3: install -q -U google-genai
step 4: import genai library
step 5: make a client (client.models.generate_content)
step 6: with client call client.models.generate_content inside that call Model="", and contents="what is todays weather?" and store it in a variable.
step 7: Print that variable(response.text)

claude:
step 1: get API_key
step 2: put that api key in a safe space locally, (.env naming: ANTHROPIC_API_KEY="")
step 3: install anthropic
step 4: import anthropic library
step 5: make a client (client anthropic.Anthropic())
step 6: with client call create method. create method contains Model="claude-sonnet-4.5",max_token=1000 and messages=[
    {
        "role":"user",
        "content":"what is the weather today"
    }
]

store it in a variable.
step 7: Print that variable(response.content)

here we use dictionary.

with this we can see that each LLM have different syntax calling and different methods, while working with one LLM ai its fine to we can do that
but In production we may need multiple ai then we surely we cant do it this way due to different library and their methods as well as coding structure.
so in this case the solution is landchain, it is an framework to build ai application.


langChain is our framework it work with both javascript as well as python but are going to use python in this series.
this is open-source no paid requiered.
we have here LangSurf, LangGraph, LangChain, LangSmith.
1) LangChain this help in building GENAI apps.
2) LangGraph helps with building agent or multiagent system.
3) we can say that LangSmith help delpoy an application on cloud or LangSmith server.


Models is used to based on the user question generate answer.
example : Chat models,LLMs,Embedding models.

Tools are used to give model external Capabalities with the help of that it can generate more meaningful response to the user question.
example: API, databases, webSearch, data access, computation.

Agents help models by giving choices of tools which he can use and make meaningful response, agent have a list of N numbers of tools and he provide access to the model who use it based on the requirement.
this extablish communication between tools and models.
orchestration and reasoning can be the purpose. react agent, tools calling agents can be key components
nondeterministic workflow, decision making are the use cases.

Memory helps models to requirement the context of conversation, meaning if we ask a question models can give answer but when we counter model more information about the previour question then Memory helps the Models
context perservation.
conversations , stateful interaction.

Document Processing this can be explained that from any source data can be loaded, also loading the extra data from different documents it can be pdf, website etc.
CSV file, excel File or it can be any type of database.
this Capabalities are provided by LangChain no external componentes are needed to be loaded.

while all those data we get pass through Embeddings or vector Embedding (generate embeddings of data) where do we store it?
we store it in vector databases like chroma db, pinecone,Faiss.

Retrivers helps to get the exact information from most relevant section of the document and pull them up to response generation.
RAG, knowledge base search, 
vector retrivers, web retrivers.


not we installed the langchain and landchain with openai through out pip install requirement.txt
now how to useor load env varibles ?
we have a Library called DOTENV provide support to load environment variables.
