today we are going to learn how to convert the chunk data which we can get from text splitter before that we use document loader.

what are vector embeddings? why it is important?and how we can convert our own data into vector embeddings?
after that we are also going to convert out personal data into vector_embeddings? how we can store vector embeddings into vector databases?

we convert the words,sentences , image or audio into a high-dimentional space, where similar items are clustered together.
basically convert the words into numbers reason being LLM dont understand words,and we keep them close so we can build similarity between realted words.


three words let be anuj, rahul, priya we assigned them tokens which are nothing but our numbers
let suppost these numbres hold sequence of numbers like 122,123,124
having number close to each other in sequence doesnt make any similarity
but if we see the height age or coding skills, commincation skills, intelligence,sport with this it is possible to build the similarity with this data.
which this data we can generate vectors,
generating these vectors for text is called vector embeddings.


what is cosin similarity?
this is nothing but the graphical respentation of data , like a graph meaning the angle between the any two person based on the similarity as close it will be the angle will be small so this is called cosign similarity

now as we have llm models to convet text to text, like wise we have embedding models to convert text to embeddings.
embedding models convert text into fix length of vector space

openaiEmbeddings class of langchain.

like wise open ai llm api.  we also have have several embedding models, we are using openai embedding models.
there comes the length of vector embeddings.
we are using text-embedding-3-large of open-ai

now with the object of opaiembeddings we have to convert list of string into vector embeddings.

vecotr = embeddings.embed_documents(pass list of strings variable here)
till now we just generated the vector embeddings now we need to see how to store them in vector databases.

vectors are multi-dimentional data,
in sql we match exact data,
but here we dont,
can be a possibility what we are finding doesnot exist in database, but we have to find similarity meaning nearest data.
thats why are need vectorDB, this offers similarity search, angles,similarity score.


till now we are in indexing phase, 

document -> embedding_models -> generate vector_embeddings -> store those vectors.

we can store it in_memory as well with the help of langchain
but we can also see external vectorDB


now we will use chroma as vectordb externally.
install langchain-chroma package

import 
